
GitHub Hello world project
https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/

The Hello World project is a time-honored tradition in computer programming. It is a simple exercise that gets you started when learning something new.

Github, 社交编程和代码托管网站
Github	项目，工具，代码，传送门,文档地址

GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.
Github essentials like Repository, Branch, Commit, pull request workflow
Create a repository, 创建仓库
Create a branch, 创建分支
Make a commit, 提交项目
Open a pull request
Merge pull request

Use the command line 使用命令行工具
Install git		安装Git工具
Git is the version control software github is built on.


Create a repository
A repository is usually used to organize a single project. Repositories can contain folders and files, images, videos, spreadsheets, and data sets – anything your project needs. We recommend including a README, or a file with information about your project.
Use the repository to store ideas, resources, learning notes and work experience and so on.
创建仓库
1.	在GitHub页面，点击创建按钮选择 New Repository，进入创建仓库页面。
2.	设置仓库名
3.	添加描述信息
4.	选择Initialize the repository with Readme, 通过Readme文件初始化仓库。
5.	点击创建仓库按钮，Create repository，完成仓库的创建。

Create a branch
Branching is the way to work on different versions of a repository at one time.
By default your repository has one branch named master which is considered to be the definitive branch. We use branches to experiment and make edits before committing them to master.
1.	Go to the repository, 进入仓库
2.	Click the drop down at the top of the file list that says branch: master.
点击分支按钮，switch branches/tags, 切换分支或者标签。
3.	Type a branch name into the new branch text box. 
在分支文本框里添加分支名称

4.	Select the blue Create branch box or hit “Enter” on your keyboard.
创建分支完成。

Make and commit changes
On GitHub, saved changes are called commits. Each commit has an associated commit message, which is a description explaining why a particular change was made. Commit messages capture the history of your changes, so other contributors can understand what you’ve done and why.
1.	Click the file, 选择文件
2.	Click the edition icon in the upper right corner of the file view to edit.
在文件页面点击编辑按钮进行编辑。
3.	In the editor, write a bit by yourself.
在文件编辑器里，添加内容。
4.	Write a commit message that describes your changes.
对文件修改添加注解
5.	Click Commit changes button.
点击提交按钮，完成提交。


Open a pull request
相对主分支(master branch)，对其他分支进行修改时，you can open a pull request.
Pull Requests are the heart of collaboration on GitHub.
Pull requests show diffs, or differences, of the content from both branches. 
The changes, additions, and subtractions are shown in green and red.

As soon as you make a commit, you can open a pull request and start a discussion, even before the code is finished.
Open a Pull Request for changes.
1.	Click the pull request tag, then from the pull request page, click the green New Pull request button.
点击Pull Request标签，点击创建Pull Request按钮。
2.	Comparing changes
Select the specified branch to compare the original master branch.
Choose the two branches to see the changes to start a new pull request.







